Overhaul Shared Code Snippets (#8972)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: includes/uiwidgets-ref-validation-message.md

> You can configure an error message as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure an error message in the following ways:
```

> - Hard-code a message:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Specify a hard-coded message:
```
